https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-29943 (#8650)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_new.adoc

- Manage large search datasets by configuring pagination with the `limit`, `offset`, and `orderBy` parameters in the search API. For more information, see link:../apis/searchquery.json.adoc#search-query-api[Search query API].

> - You receive a Prometheus alert with details of possible causes when a persistent volume claim for search is missing. For more information, see link:../search/customize_search_service.adoc#customize-search-service[Customizing the Search service]. 

Author: ```suggestion
- You receive a `SearchPVCNotPresentCritical` Prometheus alert when a persistent volume claim for search is missing and critical conditions exist on your system. For more information, see link:../search/customize_search_service.adoc#customize-search-service[Customizing the Search service]. 
```
